#labels cerberus,themes,new,features
New Features that Cerberus Themes Set Provides.

== Interface ==


- 7 CSS Themes: BBSmates, Deviant Art, Hellfire Red, Malkavian Blue, Nostalgic Death Green (in honor of the first ever default Synchweb Theme back in 2005), Nightshade Modded (mod job of the default "Nightshade Theme" created by Runemaster and myself -- but mostly Runemaster :-) and Mainstream White.

- Theme Selector no longer requires authentication (dynamic default page ability)

- index.ssjs default Homepage and default.ssjs after login (or by clicking any of the "home" links)

- Added Services Navigation to leftnav for more flexibility and advanced features.

- Added content boxes for FreeDNS, BBSmates, BBSfinder, Google Ads, BBSmates Google Custom Homepage Tool, Ability to "add this BBS to BBSMates list" when you edit the rightnav file and stick your BBSMates id number in there, Support Firefox Content Box and Syncdev & Synchronet Author Homepage Graphical Links.

- Info Menu replaced with Profile Configuration Menu.

- User Listing allows for User Locations to be Google Mapped and the last used protocols are defined with Wikipedia links.

- Added subtle side notes, tips and reminders to the message read system.

- Clicking on the thumbnail previews on the menu for changing themes will change to that theme. 



== Community ==

- Amount of Emails waiting for you in header navigation (still gotta figure out how to nuke that for guest, though)

- Sysop Notices on Main Pages courtesy of Synchronet RSS and Feedbucket (Internet Exploder seems to hate Feedbucket).

- Extended information for both the Message Conferences and individual Message Subs can be defined within their own ssjs / inc files (/msgs/groups_diz & /msgs/ext_diz within the /templates/cerberus_themes directory).

- Added PJIRC JavaScript Applet for accessing Synchronet IRC Server via the Web Interface.

- Message Area Details now built directly into the message thread listing.

- Dynamic IRC Chatroom created "on demand" for each message sub (by default uses local synchronet ircd).

- RSS & Gopher Links that actually link properly built into the message thread listing (For RSS to work requires that /ctrl/rss.ini be properly configured).

- After you post a message or make a reply, other than the option to return to the thread listing for the message area you're in, you have some extra options now, too! Post Another Message, Goto Conference Listing and BBS Homepage!

- Printer Icon allows for an individual message to be opened in a new window or tab for a "printer friendly" version which is 100% black and white text, no CSS theming.

-   The ability to set the message scan for (and then return directly to) each conference directly from the forum listing page (notated at the top of the list)!

- Message Conference / Group Details available from /msgs page by clicking the (?).



== Content ==

-   "Other Websites" on the Left Navigation is an editable listing of BBSing and Non-BBSing related sites you can edit to reccomend places that you think your users should see.

- BBS Crawler Exchange & BBSx built into the web interface by default.

- Google Coop Custom Search Engine built in by default (you will have to make your own account for that though, which is free, of course).

- Weather Underground Sticker built into header (they have tons of different shapes and sizes to choose from so the one I have by default is easily changed to something entirely different, no worries). 